Hello and welcome to MVC Architecture for Unity.
Hello.
I'm Sam.
I'll be leading you through this course.
I'm a unity certified developer with over 20 years of experience.
My mission is to educate and entertain with interactive technology.
I've shipped Unity game titles for PC console and mobile platforms.
I'm especially excited to bring you this course.
It's a fantastic way for intermediate and advanced developers to level up their skill set in a way that
matters.
Architecture is tremendously important.
Over my career, I've had varied experiences just within unity.
I've worked in education, teaching at universities, and making online courses like this one shipping
game titles for mobile console PC, as well as working on educational materials for unity tools and
different Unity game development companies.
Welcome to MVC Architecture for Unity.
Unity is a versatile game engine.
It can be used for all sorts of projects, including, of course, games.
The MVC architecture, which stands for Model, View and controller, brings confidence, organization
and scalability to your projects.
The takeaway after completing this course is the skills to be able to design and develop unity projects
using MVC architecture.
Throughout the duration of this course, we're going to be focusing on three different learning tracks.
Whether we're talking about design fundamentals, the unity architectures will be discussing, or the
Unity engine itself.
We'll look at the theory, we'll look at the editor and we'll look at game code.
With C-sharp, there will be course prerequisites, it suggested before beginning this course that you
follow along with the software.
All of the software that's required is linked to in this course and the resources section, and it's
all freely available.
That includes having your favorite web browser for searching different links that will be given using
the Unity Editor, which has a free version and using your favorite C-sharp code editor.
You can use the free one that is included with the unity download.
The required knowledge for this course is not for beginners.
It suggested that you have several months or more of experience with Unity and C-sharp.
This includes classes, interfaces, methods and properties, how to use events, and the general paradigms
of object oriented programming.
If you don't have a strong knowledge of those particular elements, it suggested that you go gain that
knowledge before attempting this course.
Let's take a look at the course contents to see what we'll cover throughout the sections and chapters
here.
We'll start with the course introduction, which is this section here.
Then we'll have a brief overview of unity, taking a look at how and why you would choose the Unity
Game engine, as well as an overview of unity structure.
Now, while this course focuses on using MVC architecture, we spend some time with the fundamentals
here in software design will take a look at design principles, design patterns, UML diagramming,
as well as the architecture specifically for unity.
This section gives you a background to understand the concepts that will carry on into the architecture
section while the course will mention several different architectures compatible with unity.
We'll move forward using a particular framework that I created.
The mini MVC framework.
The mini MVCs for Unity is a great framework to use for production as well as educational purposes,
and it's for that reason that I focus on it here in the course.
The fundamentals that you learn here will help you regardless of which end framework you choose or if
you choose to create your own MVC framework With the principles that we've learned here after learning
how and why we would choose an architecture and why MVC is a great choice we'll look at for particular
examples.
This is the section of the course where I'll share my screen and I will step through three different
projects that I've already created.
These projects are available for you to download and follow along in the course, and there'll be assignments
for you to do just that.
Here we'll look at a clock created with MVC, a simple login with MVC, a3d Rollerball sample game,
as well as a custom sample project.
Now those first three will step through and look at the existing project, how we would accomplish it
without MVC and then using the MVC framework.
Both versions of that are available for you to inspect as well.
For that fourth sample.
It's the only section where I will code as I go.
It will be a live coding section.
I will start with the MVC framework and I will build a brand new example.
On top of that, here are all of the concepts and practices that we learned up to this point in the
course will come together in one live coding session.
We'll see in the course, especially in the fundamentals, that one of the fantastic reasons to adopt
architectures like MVC is that it separates your code up into nice organized areas.
And a benefit of that is that you can then employ unit testing.
So we will, as a bonus, cover some unit testing and test driven development content.